Our medication glass has really gone up
How is that possible?
How can so many people soak their hands?
Why do so many takeaways have to be served by glass?
Are they all fools like a ball?
You are the fools
Your sauce-flavored technology has fallen through the cracks.
Our pill glass has gone up 20 points for me
Just dropped a point
You just went from one cent to three cents.
What to be proud of
Didn't you say it was going to go up to 100 yuan?
What's there to be proud of now that it's up to 2 points?
Hmm, what a villain
I'm happy if I fell so much and gained 2 points
Xia is finally a strong woman in business
To believe such a fool
Ignorant people are scary
You're wrong.
Ignorance is not terrible
The ignorant and unaware are terrible
As the saying goes, one life, two life, three life, three life, all things.
I don't say stop when he starts growing
He won't stop.
You are less mysterious
If he could find a dollar
Me and women
Hey, the windshield has risen by another 6 points.
A dime?
Too fast, too fast, 3 cents, already 3 cents
It's true that the sauce flavor technology is actually low
In just a moment, it has already dropped 5 points
Is it over? Sauce Technology has lost 10 points.
Too fast too fast
Husband's medicinal glass has really risen to 1 yuan
I fucking use you to say
I'm not blind
Dialect
Now the medicinal glass has risen to 1.5 yuan
Is it time for you to change your name to Congressman?